welcome to the get dismembered to dead
space to contest right now you're
probably wondering how can I enter and
what can I win
to enter you've got to submit a
hand-to-hand attack for dead space too
so if you think back to the original
dead space an example would be when
Isaac grabs the lurker and gives it a
big kick we're looking for something
like that
you can submit your ideas through video
drawings or text or pretty much anything
that you can kind of come up with when
the contest closes we'll choose the ten
best ideas and we'll put them up online
for you the game player to decide and
vote on the ultimate winner will have
their face and their idea put in two
dead space - of course we're going to
take some liberties to make sure it
works for the game but that's the
general idea I hope you guys think
that's cool and we're looking forward to
seeing what you come up with now let's
go ahead and have some team members walk
us through the way you can submit
hi I'm Chuck beaver I'm a producer on
dead space too so if the written word is
more your style feel free to submit a
500-word or less description of your
idea on how you can show Isaac in a
really gruesome paired attack you know
like this so Isaac hits it in the head
with a hammer done submit hi I'm Ian
vilom on the art director for the dead
space franchise and you can submit up to
four images for this contest so let me
show you a little bit about what we're
talking about let's say that here is
Isaac right and he's got his rig there
and he's sort of struggling up against
you know there ain't no that and then
the evil Necromorph is there and he's
got this uh let's see he's got some evil
beady Necromorph eyes and he's coming in
he's got his big pincers this is where
you take over there in a grapple
how does Isaac get out of that what is
he going to do he needs to get out of
that and kill that guy in the coolest
way possible so you can do that with a
drawing hopefully better than this quick
one I just did you can do it with photos
of you and your friends you could pose
your Isaac Clark action figure instead
of a stop-motion thing whatever you want
to do hi my name is Kyle Winkleman I'm
an animator in dead space 2 one way you
can submit is through an original video
which you can act out or animate
yourself like this
designing the brutal kills that make
players squirm is something we're really
excited about getting to interact with
you are gamers is even cooler so please
get those ideas in we're really looking
forward to what you guys come up with
and looking forward to what we wind up
putting in the game thanks a lot
[Music]